a few hours later, take a walk through the center of canine psychology
led by angel fight was as soon as we got to the ranch ibeas has
delivered to israel
in tweed put on the run of the day and it has become his chin segment
is following the finger
Guaraní is a good way to introduce it to the herd if they want
can enter is a paradox without a paradox city they sold as they do not leave
green space are not too excited efe what is perfect for
he very slowly to geohot because that helps a dog so scared
sequeira
It is already full of basing the rest of the day attached to different wars efe
because if we let him go on his own he will look for a place to hide
ansa and so it would not solve anything
because I would still have felt low indicated sandra been hidden
too much time
during the next weeks twitter becomes a member of the herd of
cease
when they walk all together Caesar Nava fell chia pitchers a york sharifker
aggressive while we build Caesar center has to protect its
predators of other predators in the area
since a few days
good one of the men of a cougar around here and we must be very careful your
Fund scholarship others can not go to explore then you should investigate 0
jorgiyo she wants to go in one direction and he wants to go in another night
automatically separate one from the other said said debt
'the dog charmer' believes that this chihuahua brito has to lose weight
and Caesar checking regime exercise are taking effect 2 what
has lost a kilogram 300 grams of gravity given much
the Cubans arrived at guayaquil at 303 equivalent to 13 kilos for a being
human
you know this is great what you're doing very well very well ana we're
very happy with the verses
min
In addition to César integrate the killer in the team the center has the shot that
we do in as much if they are close-ups as when we are rehabilitating another
dog
he is with us he sees himself as part of the team of 'the charming
dogs' or prudent hosts
yumi this animal was overweight good actually is an athlete drops him
very well a bit of everything in exchange for 100 candidates and years my voice of the year in the
pool today 9 puenzo
ideas what all kinds of activities
and in the morning it is always ready now we hope we will change the world
after four weeks in the center killer gets his weight before
return home on the scale
let's see how many times hands
there are not four kilos
the lost two kilos 700 grams
It must look very good
then decide to come home today and have spent five weeks with us each
Stem great progress again and now we will see how the twins have fared
today's meeting takes a turn cristina cifuentes has invited a friend to
receive tiger
the feast of san isidro friend who is afraid of dogs I've never been here
all our geography inegi
I am very afraid of dogs when I was a child they gave me many times
dogs hate me and it's probably because they notice that I'm afraid that yes
all thought it would be a good idea to be here when you jump and catapult
with a professional yes
to balance the fear you may feel in the apartment Caesar brings to
the life of tiger the submissive engel
to accompany him
pamplona the sign in which the cut so that it really supports gomez mont in the
Mérida modify the energy in the stadium at least two days
I'm still there when the environment for me to lead has not been a bad dynamic
for the cause like this I'm glad to see her happy to see her again and
taking a favor do not even look at it like we are in this cinema in Catalan
for this happy happy
in the film totally of agreements because because at the moment it is very
successful I'm very anxious to be here patti labelle
an anonymous
but this I realized that this panel was very heavy will not go the size of
up to 20 agencies apple the situation was quite a challenge
a dog that had had a bad past human nation that wants to memo
Last August
jackson makes many ideas
I did not watch the dog not always negotiate and many times people
they looked ferrol immediately in a bite
happy so I told him try to live the present moment and the hiv of the
past in which he likes more in life but likes to become obese
focus on the sunny forward onwards is the perfect time it changes
the fear for something cheerful understands my idea
but I'm perfect raúl happy because he's doing the same thing that
he warned about others and that he has been accepted into the club
eight that can move legs good legs gives us that very well because
them what is saying now is give me spanish send another leg that is
diaz peeper
Brazil is an essential service for a world in which you must demand it
awake
magnifying glass your body says this space
the time yes n reassured is played by being
totally quiet currently
I have always been
I can not get rid of the hairs I do not want to have them near I do not want to have them
I do not want to be near them does not have a house of nari that has them and I tell them
that activists like the first day you can not cheat the cars is what
that I learned because we started are not scared but enter
and concrete that we were so soft did not work very well this is lovely
it's amazing at the meeting carlos i miev in that state of mind will not happen
nothing
We are looking forward to caressing him from Brazil he has missed us so much
2 télam
days after
yes no that's supported with your support
the groups I was very happy to know that the twins were going to continue with
the program we do two primes the ipc stefan ingves could touch tigers in
subject ensures optics dies weighed 6 kilos 700 grams fence and now weighs
four kilos
Now you have a waist, you will have to buy some smaller pants
none of that there are only eyes
then you want
notice that it changes that is amazing defined that taiwan the source of heat
it has become a source of firmness
I am amazed
the evidence was asleep
if they are closing their eyes and that was not done before thanks girls
for now
arias
Cesar Funes the twins and life jackets and lands so that the nation
keep being part of the daily exercises and chihuahua
and thanks to this system in the natural area we have a lot to do yes
and if you have a bad time do not worry sixth stop
they recover only control the situation and start again from
agreement thank you we can never thank you enough thank you very much thank you
you two
they keep trying with the diploma keep it active and regulations of the
space for you some time you have to be the lovely ones
of dogs because the more they whistle what they have learned the most achieved by
hundred
nice to meet you better has been great